[Music]
Hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello very
good family How are you? Great
afternoon, how are you? It's a pleasure to be
here one more day with you today. A
little late, a little late, quite
late, but we'll get going, we'll catch up really
quickly. What a plate of
eggs with potatoes that I'm watching and
I'm on a diet, no, what a plate of potatoes that
we're watching on the screen, but that
's not what I want to show you. Okay, let's
talk about something that happened to
Rocío Flores today and she came out to
report it and that's why we're going to make ourselves
known. First of all, as always, send you
all a huge hug.
Thank you so much for yesterday's live show. It
was incredible, really, amazing,
as always. Thank you for the support. I don't
think I'll be online live again until
Sunday, Monday. I know that on Monday and
Tuesday I have meetings with Jesús Manuel and
Joana Morillas and on Wednesday with
our dear Marina again. Okay, for
now, these are the plans, but
everything can change during the
week. So, be aware of any
changes in anything, I'll let you
know.  follow me on Twitter follow me on
Instagram
subscribe here with the bell active
anyway I'm saying everything no Well,
what I said is okay we didn't come here to
talk about this dish of eggs with
potatoes but we're going to listen to Rocío
Flores because the truth is there are people who
seem to want to be
listened to, I have things that I don't
understand in people's mentalities and
heads But anyway let's
see what Rocío tells us
here I'm already home I just
took a shower and I'm in zen mode I
went to check Instagram direct messages
and I didn't exaggerate Instagram direct messages
okay I mean these are no longer
opinions no because in the end you can
put a you and in your account a post or
upload a photo you say Hey I don't
like it or yes I like it that in the end you
put a little bit of that no no no people
bother to send
direct messages to her account okay
direct message privately so that they
reach her pay attention it's a
huge shame but I have a lot a
lot of messages
all of them from women  which is the
heaviest thing of all, stop
putting weird things on me, exactly, it
's the most obvious thing, all well,
there are people who mess with
Rocío's surgeries and they are not even
because of course when they have said women,
many people are saying, well, the
feminists, not the feminists who support
their mother and such, no. I mean, really, not
necessarily, in the last few days I've
been seeing a lot of people, a lot of
women,
criticizing cosmetic surgeries, not
cosmetic surgeries, because
cosmetic surgeries are one thing and then another
thing is going to the cosmetic clinic, not that you
inject yourself, I vote that you inject acid, no,
yesterday, for example, we were talking about how Marta
Riesgo had injected herself. Well, a
little bit here on the chin, no, what it
does is pronounce your
features a little bit and this really
is nothing, I mean, it's really a couple of little
injections here that make your chin more pronounced,
in case you have a less
pronounced chin, I have it done, okay, I don't
mind saying it, I have it done and it's okay,
there are a lot of people who mess
with this, you don't ruin your face, but
you're very young, what are you going to stop by the
time you're 80, please don't  let's be ignorant let's
not be ignorant really because
maybe they think you're making a
more or less valid criticism but you're
making fools of yourselves because you're
demonstrating complete ignorance
who who thinks today that
operations and aesthetic touch-ups
have to be only because you're an
older person in fact the issue of botox
and the issue of acid the sooner you
start the better because you start taking care of your
skin once you've wrinkled your
skin that doesn't make it straight anymore you
know what I mean So if you're a person
who can afford to go once a year
or once every year and a half to the
aesthetic clinic you get a couple of injections and you take
care of yourself to maintain yourself and such
Hey that's everyone's decision but no let's not
make criticisms let's
not make absurd criticisms and also
forgive me but very ignorant I mean they're
criticisms of being ignorant okay You don't have to
be 80 years old when you're 80
years old you can't pick up the iron as
if it were a vest and a shirt no and you
throw them away no you start maintaining yourself and at
30 years old or around that's when it usually happens
start or when is it recommended to start you
want if you like yourself and that it doesn't
matter if it is that apart from
cosmetic surgeries they don't have to be because of age they
have to be because you have
complexes, for example my nose
was a little crooked and apart from that I couldn't
breathe well Well, now it's a little
touch-up and I wish I had done it
10 years ago okay the issue with the
eyelids is not because of age it's
because of family no I have the family
this comes from the family of like the
looks and very droopy no and the eyelids
with a lot of skin that even covered my
eyelashes that I have
quite long eyelashes for a man and I
covered them because they
rested there on top of the eyelashes
No well yes I can Well take it it doesn't
have to be a thing of age, I mean I
hope that everyone who criticizes
those things are not a beauty your
face is deforming your face stop having
surgery that you're going to leave until you
're 50 years old
stop ruining your face
stop ruining your face I mean look at
yourself and see
one where you can see
this girl well, she is  ruining her
face
this girl is ruining her
face I don't know Nor do she have
much, I think she had a
bichectomy and I think what she does is
take care of herself with the injections and so on but
I think she doesn't have more than the
bichectomy I don't remember eh I don't
remember eh more than losing weight and so on I
was reading once all the
touch-ups But oh well let her have what they want I also do
n't understand I also do
n't understand writing to someone
privately to tell them that is what I ca
n't get my head around you know
all kinds of messages the first thing
is that people who think like this have
a lot of misinformation and the second thing is
that I have not done absolutely anything
strange to my face the only thing I have done has
been to put three drops of botox on my
forehead because I have the
super marked expression line among other
things because I am blind not the next thing I have
all kinds of things in my eyes and I am
always like this with a frown to
see and it gives me a lot of
headaches so I put it in so I don't have to
be like that and to have it well on the
one hand and then it is still that I  it's
amazing to have to justify
what I do to myself or what I let myself
do if I can be retouching your
face not someone else's face,
providing someone with my
personal experience and that experience that I have
had can serve as a reference or as an
opinion to do something for
someone, well I'm delighted
but these messages of her
judging you in that way seem
impressive to me I continue with what I've
done which has been to fill in this little
furrow in a super subtle way
basically because every time I get
thinner it
shows even more and since I have
to touch it in the photos, so as not to
retouch it I have filled it in and the
next thing has been to put in vitamins that
Cesar put in me with a
new technique that since I don't like well what I do
n't like is that it hurts to
inject them in my face, well he
did it with a new technique that are
tiny micro punctures and so it doesn't
last at all and what they do is that they
give me luminosity basically take care of yourself
okay basically what it is take care of yourself
please family let's pay more
attention to ourselves and let's
Leave the others a huge hug, I'll
be reading the comments box,
I love you all so much and I'll see you in the
next video
[Music]